Swiftly walk o'er the western wave,
Go, go, my naughty girl, and kiss
Yellow moon peeps at me
Had ocean been my confidant
Under the ring of linked brown arms,
[Iliad; B. XI V. 378]
'Twas noontide of summer,
rewind life and remember
O God! Thou art my God alone;
Call it a curse, call the thousand years a curse
Staring at the walls...at the pictures that hang there
There is a law which guarantees
The doubt of future foes exiles my present joy,
Three days after the first snowfall of season
Some say thronging cavalry, some say foot soldiers,
I stand alone in darkness,
Love and Sleep
I cry, but the tears dont even stay by my side.
'll break into your thoughts
I HEARD a thousand blended notes,
People wish to be settled. Only as long as they are unsettled is there any hope for them.
We met for supper in your flat-bottomed boat.
On a lonely selection far out in the West
I was a grovelling creature once,
God is the refuge of his saints,
O forlorn heart, so pure and unstained, yet so wary to commit,
He looks at me with a madman's eyes -
Tell me how to overcome this fear
Dear love, for nothing less than thee
Well then; the promis'd hour is come at last;
The death, end of the life journey
Where there is a need
When times are lean with nought to share
'Silly girl, listen!'
We met at the pool when you were just a kid
From childhood's hour I have not been
Into the snake's eyes I looked deeply within
If I could write a sonnet
We passed each other, turned and stopped for half an hour, then went our way,
Breath  when sheathed by the web of ebbs
We meet many people in life,
They were indeed simple people
S
As less on earth seek truth above
'Too much of a good thing may be bad'
... Oceanward I am ever yearning,
I came to the door of the House of Love
Are there currently trials and tribulations in your life?
Why, when our sun shines clearest,
Like a long arrow through the dark the train is darting,
Before me stands I see,
Far away in the twilight time
'You're my very good friend' she said
Upon this cozy couch I sit.
Times gives life meaning and sustenance, so we're all
People are happy...
Night funeral
War's a joke for me and you,
Per me si va nella citta dolente.
It seems like Light Years ago
in london dreams
My life seemed picture perfect with a loving wife and son, with a bun in the oven my life had just begun.
Their flags and their banners they are waving with joy and excitement they shout
Children, I come back today
Twas at the camp of Rorke's Drift, and at tea-time,
'Tis Nancy's birth-day--raise your strains,
The Beaver's Lesson
A POET LOSES HIS POWER FOR POETRY
We sink into the dust,
Adam and Eve were overcame
For the first time in my life
Prelude to \"Stalky & Co.\"
Weary not of us, for we are very beautiful; it is out of very jealousy and proper pride that we entered the veil.
In the lone place of the leaves,
Born in the famine struck Africa
He spoke of Burns: men rude and rough
THE warder looks down at the mid hour of night,
8 years old
Men with picked voices chant the names
LONDON, thou art of townes A per se.
God's got an Army, not afraid to fight.
Silver Wedding
I wish it were spring in the world.
Sitting on the curb
Identity: A Sonnet
The God who brought you up to this extent,
How soon hath Time, the subtle thief of youth,
She's shallow and easily programmed.
And when, in the city in which I love you,
Paper neatly folded by his coat
IT is the dead of night:
Sometimes she wants nothing but to hide,
In my first sleep
Light breaks where no sun shines;
Shake out my pockets! Harken to the call
As king fishers catch fire, dragonflies draw flame;
Let the night sleep
A farmer's wife, both young and gay,
Depression is a fight
The Junes were free and full, driving through tiny
I saw myself a lake of stars
Michael Jackson's 'SMILE' played, as the coffin entered everyone stood tall
We all have a cherished garden we tend -
Great buildings before her have toppled like dominos
To the Right Honourable Mildmay, Earl of Westmoreland
The fun thing about being dead
The finch trills in the apple tree
I saw an old cottage of clay,
Fire up the sky with rocket sparks!
Why challenge Mother Nature, man, in vain?
When we would convince men of any error by
O, lest the world should task you to recite
How I loved you the day you were born
Strike the ball in speedy split seconds,
Weather Forecast in Kabul.
At least he's not causing pollution of him that would be fair to say
The perfect American Beauty Rose,
Wake, work, home, eat sleep
I told her that her two teams weren't playing
Yes, He gave the nod,
Go ahead and make me sad
Lost in the vortex of my thoughts
O DULL cold northern sky,
Would you like life to be a movie?
It's been hours now just laying in bed
I live life because life lives me,
I'm a modern Cinderella.
I've always wanted to play the part
MY UNENDING BIRTH AND DEATH
I had eight birds hatched in one nest,
Wind blows.  Snow falls.  The great clock in its tower
The tired cars go grumbling by,
Peacefully asleep
Now on the hill
If you are not sure what you are looking for...
The continent's a tamed ox, with all its mountains,
Please spare me your secrets
That's my window. This minute
In absolute oblivion
The snake and the apple is a sorry tale to tell,
Hope, a magical word of four letters
When I walk alone, I think of you my love
Some glory in their birth, some in their skill,
When I am happy,
Life is beautiful...
death wants more death, and its webs are full:
America, Europe and Asia are continents;
We are dreamy creature
It was written in the stars
I saw the cloud in the morning sky
Loss can be good for us,
Everyone has a fear
We need not snow,
How beautiful is the rain!
It snowed and snowed ,the whole world over,
Cinderella means the personality or beauty of a person,
If ever I had dreamed of my dead name
O! golden Hereafter, thine every bright rafter
Farewell, thou child of my right hand, and joy;
The lady at the corner wicket
Shall I wasting in despair
Uh oh! wakin' up from a dream
How can you grieve and express loss?
Truth! I shall speak you if I am in habit of listening to you,
ADIEU, O soldier!
Seven sweet singing birds up in a tree;
Fire:
Sharp is the night, but stars with frost alive
It's said the moon has power over man -
She lies alone upon her bed
I love my family photos
Beating throbs of desire
Prepare, prepare the iron helm of war,
Blessed be Thou for all the joy
When to oft sleep we give ourselves away,
Know, O dear readers, that the medicine of a disease is to remove the
Don't you just love old family pictures?
The wattlebirds calling on the flowering gum trees
My poem may be yours indeed
You can hear the excitement start to linger as the early morning train departs.
Now this lady she parades round her shopping mall
I. -- Red.
LIKE the vulture
One dark, dark night--it was long ago,
My God! O let me call Thee mine!
The night's darkness falling
The breezes waved the silver grass,
I was there when you were born,
My God, how many are my fears!
this anger burns deep within,
Your pensive pen that is filled with honeyed thoughts,
There is a flag on the door, and joy left on the floor,
Food, food I love you so,
Chief of organic Numbers!
refreshing dawn mist, crisp air
Now when I have a cold
A walk in Nature never boring in Nature great beauty to see
The family the used to be
The leading man walked onto the stage,
Today was the day everything went on its way
I  think  I'm  going  to  make  it  through,
London, thou art of town{.e}s A per se.
It finally snapped!
I stand just inches away from you but
XiaoKang Ma
You say you don't understand,
Busy old fool, unruly Sun,
Hair-raising novelty;
Ice-cold fear has slowly decreased
Words beaten out of the frozen mouth are never remembered.
In nature apt to like when I did see
WITH ships the sea was sprinkled far and nigh,
Sometimes a light surprises
Since I am coming to that holy room,
The river led me to you though the way was hard and long,
My teacher asks me to study
O Music hast thou only heard
Racist people,
There you were
Homer poured, in thousand wrote.
THE cat went here and there
O beautiful for spacious skies,
all the money
I respect, another mans religion, or color or creed.
I love you more than my old soccer cleats,
An account of books 16-19 of the Iliad by Homer.
i always see to it
At the highways of woes
On the scene came Christ The Lord, not with peace but with a sword.
Three things that make my life complete
What I shall leave thee none can tell,
They had to bring them from the farms,
You'll comit my suicide
We have met before
There trudges one to a merry-making
I Hunted Words Of Skill
Ladies and Gentlemen, in this corner the challenger,
Soldier, wake - the day is peeping,
I truly do hate the news
Turn, Fortune, turn thy wheel, and lower the proud;
SINCE first I saw your face I resolved to honour and renown ye;
Beautiful brown mixed with black and white
Life is difficult for so many people
lonely
Just a few dwindling pools remain
Relating to the silver valley here is not my
One Two Three Four