What year did the disco named Infinity in NYC burn down?
What role did Hugh Ledigo play for The Jazzmen at the time of Kenny Ball's death (March 2013)?
After Bessie Smith's car accident, which arm was amputated?
Who is known to be the first Indian musician to perform at the United Nations General Assembly in 1966?
Why was Bessie Smith dismissed from Black Swan Records during auditions?
What is the name of track 12 on the Jet Set Radio original soundtrack released in 2000?
When (month-day-year) was "Amazing Love" by the Mississippi Mass Choir released?
What was saxophonist "Buster" Smith's full birth name?
Who composed the music for the song "We Rollin" by Punjabi singer Shubh?
Babymetal's song "Road of Resistance" charted at what number on the Billboard World Digital Songs chart for the week of February 21, 2015?
What is the name of the song which is number 17 on the album YoungstaCpt - 3T?
Who created the cover artwork for Heavatar's "All My Kingdoms"?
Which famous drummer opened a Wahoo's Fish Taco restaurant in Norco, California, in 2004?
What is the title of the song (English version) for which Isadora Duncan composed the Varshavianka dance routine?
What were the date, month, and year that Jody Williams, the fourth season winner of South African Idols, was born?
On Feb. 12, 2018, in what city was Dua Lipa performing when she raised a rainbow flag?
What is written on the right side of the cover art for the Dylan album Planet Waves?
In what key was "I Offer My Life" by Don Moen composed?
What is the name of the second album the singer Milet released?
Which two instruments was John Cage's experimental piece *Two^5* written for?
What year was Jerry Lee Lewis's 13th album released on Mercury Records?
In which stadium did Die Ärzte play on New Year's Eve 2006?
In what year was Gustav Mahler inducted into the Classical Music Hall of Fame?
How many voices does the Yamaha SHS-10 (1987) contain onboard?
What is the length of the Pakistani band Jal's album "Aadat" released in 2004, in minutes and seconds?
What is the name of track number 6 on disc 1 of the Sen no Kiseki IV - The End of Saga - original soundtrack?
What is the age difference between Ghost's Papa Emeritus II and III in months?
Where did the Third Day song "Nothing at All" peak on the Billboard rock charts?
Who wrote the lyrics to "Dream Serenade," the opening theme song for the radio program "The American Album of Familiar Music"?
What recording label was Dylan's "Planet Waves" released on in the UK?
In what year did Anne Golden become the first woman to chair the American Heart Association board of directors?
What did Robert Southey state was the singular diagnosis for Horatio Lord Nelson's illness and subsequent evacuation during the San Juan expedition in 1780?
In what state did Henry R. Luce, co-founder of Time Inc. and creator of TIME, LIFE, Fortune, and Sports Illustrated, first meet Reverend Billy Graham?
In which city and country was the International Congress of Mathematicians held when Vladimir Voevodsky was awarded his Fields Medal?
In what year did Thomas D. Wilson ("Big Tom" Wilson) marry Niagara Ray, the daughter of Amos Ray?
What did CSA Brigadier General James Lusk Alcorn denounce as "a cancer upon the body of the nation"?
What day, month, and year did William II of Holland become King of Germany?
Which foreign merchant was issued the right to transact slaves on Spain's behalf and ordered regulations on trade with Cuba?
What day, month, and year did Peter III of Aragon become King of Sicily?
What was the month and year Dudley Carleton, 1st Viscount Dorchester, was created Viscount Dorchester?
What were the month, day, and year John Stanhope was raised to the peerage as Baron Stanhope of Harrington?
In what year was Henry Petty, 1st Earl of Shelburne, elected to the Irish House of Commons for Midleton?
What were the date, month, and year ARA's operations in Russia were shut down?
How old was Montreal native Charles Whitlaw in 1846 when he bought a grist mill on Grand River Street from Robert Kirkwood in Paris, Ontario?
In which year did Homa Shaibany (an Iranian surgeon) receive a scholarship to study medicine at London University?
On what date (day/month/year) was the Q-Ship “Salvia” (alias Q-15) struck by a torpedo at Lat. 52.15N, Long. 16.13W?
Who was the first principal of Mayo College in India?
What was Bindy Johal's age in years when he immigrated to Vancouver, British Columbia, with his parents during his childhood?
What year was Thomas Edison's equipment removed from the Columbia steamer?
What was the name of the Lieutenant Commander of UC-67 during the period from July 12 to August 2, 1917?
What year was the Süleymaniye damaged in the great fire?
In what year did the chemist Lucy Weston Pickett receive an honorary Doctor of Science degree from Ripon College?
On what day, month, and year was Motonori Matuyama born?
What year did Benito Mussolini become a member of the National Directorate of the Italian Socialist Party?
In what year did Edward Baker Jelks earn a Ph.D. in archaeology?
What were the names of the two commanders sent by Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb to Sadabad Cantonment in order to suppress the rebellion in Tilpat in 1669?
What was the name of the first principal of Tyndale Biscoe School in Srinagar, Kashmir?
What was the first historically Black college to be accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools?
What was the science of architecture and civil construction known as in ancient India?
What year did Shokichi Iyanaga become Dean of the Faculty of Science at Tokyo University?
During the year 2003, what award was Shirin Neshat given in Berlin?
Charles Saatchi had his first "Young British Art" show during what year?
What is the name of the photography partnership that photographed Charles James Blasius Williams in 1873?
How many girls are in "Girls on the Bridge," Munch's painting from 1900 (in the version where some of them are looking at the river)?
What is the name of the performance that influenced "Rhythm 2" by Marina Abramović to include an unconscious aspect?
In what year did Etta Cone commission Henri Matisse to make a posthumous portrait of Claribel Cone?
In what year did Sir William Beechey (British Portraitist) retire to Hampstead?
Who was the mother of Svetlana Alpers?
What number is the painting "The Meeting at Křížky" in The Slav Epic?
What month, day, and year was William Aloysius "Bil" Keane's first cartoon published?
Sir Isaac Julien's installation piece 'Radioactive' is from what year?
What piece of art by Antonio da Correggio did Augustus III of Poland buy in 1746?
What was the Hampstead, London, street address of art collector Margaret Gardiner's home?
How old was Norman Rockwell when he first attended the Chase Art School?
In what year did Viktor Vasnetsov collaborate with Apollinary on the theatre design of Sadko?
What was the pseudonym of the artist David Quiles Guilló?
On what day, month, and year was the first opening of a comic museum named after Erika Fuchs in her hometown of Schwarzenbach an der Saale, Germany?
Whose famous quotation did Thomas Edison have displayed on a placard over his desk?
What is the name of the person who discovered the minor planet named after Viktor Vasnetsov?
In which year did Richard Huemer, an American animator, join the Fleischer Studio?
Which two architects built the Pizzurno Palace?
In what year did the Whitney Museum of American Art devote an entire floor to Julie Mehretu for the first time?
What was George Frederic Watts' "After the Deluge" originally named in 1886?
Julie Mehretu was awarded the Barnett and Annalee Newman Award for the first time in what year?
What are the dimensions of Janine Antoni's 2015 work, "Lull," in inches?
In which year and month did El Cielo receive its first Michelin star in Miami?
Who was the maternal grandfather of the Russian stage actress and singer Baroness Olga Vadimovna von Root?
On what day, month, and year did engraver George Cooke die?
What is the name of the performance Marina Abramović and Uwe Laysiepen performed in 1976?
What city did Anselm Kiefer have his first solo exhibition?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Liversidge Award in 1946?
In which month and year was Windows 2000 Service Pack 3 released?
Which scientist received the Penrose Medal before the year Preston Ercelle Cloud Jr. received his?
What year were the guidelines outlining requirements for the inclusion of soluble biomarkers in osteoarthritis clinical trials published?
In what year did German instrument maker Ernst Abbe invent the apochromatic lens system for the microscope?
What year did Louis de Broglie become a professor of theoretical physics at the Henri Poincaré Institute?
Which scientists received the American Chemical Society Award in Pure Chemistry in 1937?
What is the name of the project that won the 2014 ACM Software System Award?
Which genus was the ruby-throated bulbul moved to from *Turdus* before finally being classified in the genus *Rubigula*?
What is the last name of the individual who won the Marlow Medal and Prize, an early-career award in physical chemistry given by the Royal Society of Chemistry, in 2022?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Green Chemistry Award in 2016?
Who is the second author of "The Combined Effect of Air Layers and Membrane Superhydrophobicity on Biofouling in Membrane Distillation"?
What is the total number of pixels for the Sony Alpha 1?
With which notable French plant physiologist did Henri Moissan publish his first scientific paper in 1874?
What is the engine cc of the Honda Juno M85 (1962)?
In what year was chemist Eduard Buchner promoted from assistant lecturer to lecturer at the University of Munich?
Which mathematician, affiliated with Princeton University at the time, received the Fields Medal in 2022?
On what day, month, and year did James Lovelock appear on the Radio Four series "The Life Scientific," talking to Jim Al-Khalili about the Gaia hypothesis?
When NASA's communication director reported in 2020 that NASA planned to land astronauts on the Moon as part of the U.S. Artemis program, what was the total number of female candidates in the program?
Who is credited with the binomial name of the yellowfin sole?
In what year did the physicist Alexei Abrikosov win the Fritz London Prize?
Which year was the actinide concept proposed?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Perkin Prize for Organic Chemistry in 2017?
What is the surname of the individual who won the Bioinorganic Chemistry Award in 2011?
Who was the inaugural winner of the Riemann Prize in 2019?
Which scientist received the Penrose Medal after the year Hollis Dow Hedberg received his?
What language is represented in Figure 4 of the paper "Identifying Semantic Role Clusters and Alignment Types via Microrole Coexpression Tendencies"?
Who wrote the paper 'Multidimensional Scaling and Other Techniques for Uncovering Universals'?
On which day, month, and year was the RS-1 satellite launched from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in India?
On what day, month, and year was the asteroid 369 Aëria discovered?
Who received an honorable mention at the 1996 Frank and Brennie Morgan Prize for Outstanding Research in Mathematics by an Undergraduate Student?
From what university did John P. Sall receive an honorary doctorate in 2003?
How many years did Elliot Page spend studying the Interact Program at Vaughan Road Academy?
What is the surname of the individual who was awarded the Geoffrey Barker Medal in 2020?
What high school did Carla Hall graduate from in Nashville, TN?
In which specific issue did Black Condor II perish?
Which American YouTuber hosted the 11th Streamy Awards broadcast on YouTube on December 11, 2021, along with Issa Twaimz?
In what year did Ruth Wilson Gilmore receive the Angela Y. Davis Prize for Public Scholarship?
How many children did Leonard P. Zakim have?
At which university was Shanti Gupta appointed Professor of Statistics and Mathematics in 1962?
What is the name of the university where Alma S. Woolley received her bachelor's degree?
What is the number of months that Kingda Ka was closed after being struck by lightning in 2009?
Who opened the first gender clinic in Canada at the Grey Nuns Community Hospital in 1996?
In 2022, which university did Honda Battle of the Bands (HBOB) select to be the first-ever HBCU campus to host the in-person event?
What high school did Kenkichi Iwasawa attend?
On what day, month, and year was Jumbo Circus started in India?
What was the name of the director of the Clayman Institute for Gender Research in 1994?
What's the secret identity of the fourth incarnation of the DC Comics character Firebrand?
How many children did the actuary Richard Gwilt and his wife have?
What is the local name of Allium humile Kunth in Kashmir as mentioned in the article "The local medicinal plant knowledge in Kashmir Western Himalaya: A way to foster ecological transition via community-centred health seeking strategies"?
How many degrees was the Rattler's maximum vertical angle at Six Flags Fiesta Texas?
What year did Bill Brown start teaching at the University of Chicago?
What day, month, and year was Janak Patel, a convenience store worker in Auckland, New Zealand, murdered during a robbery?
How many years did Magen Fieramusca receive for killing Heidi Broussard?
According to Hinduism, which planet is associated with Yamraj?
In August 2012, what was the address of the First Church of Christ, Scientist that W. V. Grant purchased?
What is the name of the sole survivor of the Busy Bee Congo 2019 crash?
Which college in Srinagar was accredited as the College for Potential Excellence by the University Grants Commission (India) in April 2010?
How many steps are in the Shinto burial process?
Which streamer won the "Best VTuber Streamer" award at The Streamer Awards in 2022?
Who was the first recipient of the Nebula Award for Best Game Writing?
What was the release price in JPY of the 2019 "Kirby Star Allies: The Original Soundtrack"?
What patch removed the Shaman ability Searing Totem from the game in World of Warcraft?
What is the counter strength value for the Fume Sword in Dark Souls II?
What patch for the original PS3 Dark Souls added 3 Humanities to the Firelink well?
What did Vergil say to Dante in DMC 3 after stabbing him with the Yamato in their first fight?
What patch changed the required amount of titanium ore to make a titanium bar from 5 to 4 in Terraria?
What were Eddie Gluskin's last words in the Whistleblower DLC for the 2013 video game Outlast?
What quote did Dr. Richard Trager say to Miles Upshur while opening the elevator door right before he died in the 2013 video game Outlast?
How much Endurance does the Cleric starting class from Dark Souls II start with?
What is the cost of Full Moon Grass sold by Patches in Demon's Souls (2009)?
What day, month, and year did Terraria version 1.4.2.1 release?
How many CDs did the original Seiken Densetsu 3 soundtrack include?
What is the name of Track 10 on the Sonic Free Riders Original Soundtrack released in 2010?
According to the Warcraft wiki, approximately how many years before the Dark Portal did Sargeras convince most of the Eredar to join the Burning Legion?
What was the first and last name of the voice actor who voiced the Little Sisters in the video game BioShock 2 (2010)?
What is the name of the shield that the Warrior starting class in Dark Souls II starts with?
What version of Dota 2 was The International 2016 played on?
What were the day, month, and year of the release of Minecraft beta 1.4_01?
In what patch was the classic version Shaman class ability Totemic Focus removed in World of Warcraft?
In Horizon Zero Dawn's Frozen Wilds DLC, what is CYAN an acronym?
How many DLCs were released for Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim as of December 5, 2012?
What is the weight of the Phosphorescent Pole weapon in Demon's Souls (2009) using the in-game units of weight, which are called "units"?
Which Aseprite version had the patch note: "Added option to enable the 'Snap to Grid' option for the brush preview #4137"?
To what level did the D&D "Expert Classes" 2022 Unearthed Arcana move the classes' 20th-level features?
In the online game World of Warcraft, in patch 5.2.0, what change was made to the cooldown of the shaman ability Elemental Mastery?
What is the durability of the Blue Flame in Dark Souls II?
In the video game Dark Souls 1 for the PlayStation 3, which starting class starts at Soul Level 6?
Off of what coast of Morrowind does the DLC Dragonborn take place?
In Morrowind, whose body can you find the book "The Lusty Argonian Maid" in Vivec city?
In what city and state was Jazzercise created in 1969?
When, where, and by whom was IFK founded?
Which two months did Pep Guardiola win the Manager of the Month award in the 2021-22 Premier League season?
What was Tim Wakefield's ERA during the '04 World Series?
How many shots did Inter attempt on target in the Champions League Final match between Bayern and Inter on May 23, 2010?
What year did Roberto Battaglia win a gold medal in the team épée event?
What is the last name of the player who got a yellow card in the 71st minute of the match between Germany and Sweden during the 2018 FIFA World Cup?
What was the year when Cléo Hamon began learning to skate?
How many bronze medals did Sweden win at the 1956 Summer Olympics?
How many yellow cards did Fabinho from Liverpool have in the 2021-2022 Premier League season?
To whom was A. Wallis Myers married?
What seven new countries were accepted into the Fédération Internationale d'Escrime on June 23, 1914?
Who holds the record for the fastest marathon dressed as an elf (male), with a time of 2 hours, 58 minutes, and 16 seconds, achieved at the 2017 Virgin Money London Marathon in London, UK, on April 23, 2017?
What was the only Spanish player who received a Player of the Month Award during the 2021-22 Premier League season?
In what year did Richard Anthony Drago, the American relief pitcher, graduate from high school?
In the 2004 Summer Olympics, how many bronze medals did Argentina win?
On what day, month, and year was Denys Strekalin, a skater, born?
Which community college did Leonard Perry Jr., the American basketball coach, attend from 1986 to 1988?
According to the 2021 rules for Battle of the Nations, how long does each round last for longsword duels?
Who won the World Senior Chess Championship Women's Tournament held in 1993?
As of 2022, by how many meters did Neeraj Chopra break his record at the Stockholm Diamond League?
Who were the two umpires in the 1980 Gillette Cup match between Ireland and Middlesex held on 2 July 1980?
What trophy was won on October 12, 2019, by Kaizer Chiefs Football Club?
What is the name and surname of the person who spotted Lucas Valeriu Ntuba Radebe, the former South African professional footballer, to be recruited by Kaizer Chiefs in 1989?
What is the number of years that Top Thrill Dragster held the record for the tallest and fastest roller coaster in the world?
Who was the first president of the Pakistan Cycling Federation?
At what time to the nearest second did Tomas Paprstka end the race, ranking in the first position, in the 2010 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships – Men's junior race?
Who won the bronze medal in the men's masters foil event in the 1896 Summer Olympics?
What was Yangyi Yu's score in the 2020 Tata Steel Masters?
Who won the silver medal in men's individual foil fencing in the Tokyo 2020 Olympics?
In feet, what is the maximum depth of Wular Lake?
Who founded the municipality of El Santuario, Antioquia, Colombia?
As of the latest official population estimate in 2015 for the town of Szentes in southeastern Hungary, what is the population density in square kilometers?
As of the 2020 census, what was the population of Weston, Ohio?
What year was the municipality of Belmira, Antioquia, Colombia, founded?
How many households were there in Weston, Ohio, as of the 2000 census?
What is the forest cover area of Bihar in square kilometers according to the India State of Forest Report 2019?
Which state of India was called "Sapta Sindhu"?
What year was the municipality of Pajarito, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What are the GPS coordinates of Malawi?
What was the total area in square kilometers of Patiala and East Punjab States Union (PEPSU), a state of India uniting eight princely states between 1948 and 1956?
What was the population of the town of Hampton Falls as per the 2020 census?
Which lake in Kashmir is connected to the Khushal Sar and Gil Sar lakes via a channel known as Nallah Amir Khan?
Which city in Nepal is known as the "City of Nine Hills?"
Which was the second largest republic in the Soviet Union?
What were the population counts for the two municipalities of Mitrovica according to the 2011 census?
What is the forest cover area of Assam in square kilometers according to the India State of Forest Report 2019?
Which place is the first Ramsar wetland site in Goa?
In which year was the municipality of San Eduardo, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
Who was Bullard Mountain named after in the Boundary Ranges in Alaska?
Who is Mt. Chamberlin in California named after?
What is the state highway road number of the Ammaianaikanur-Vathalagundu Road under the Dindigul division of Tamil Nadu, India?
On which date, month, and year was the municipality of Miraflores, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
Which city hosted the India-Bangladesh SAMPRITI-IX joint military exercise?
As of 2022, what is the name of the most spoken language in the Tharparkar region of Sindh, Pakistan?
What is a bridge called in the Kashmiri language?
In which year was the municipality of Motavita, Boyacá, Colombia, founded?
What was the water depth in meters at which the Akoma-1X well was drilled?
According to the last population update in 2010, the rural locality of Taz Russky in the Klyapovskoye Rural Settlement of Russia has a population of what?
What is the Regional Transport Office (RTO) code for the Seoni location in Madhya Pradesh, India?
What was the title of the game played in Episode 11 of Season 3 of the American version of "The Circle"?
On Ally McBeal, what is the name of the episode in which Tina Turner played herself?
What are the season number, episode number, and title of the animated series "Avatar: The Last Airbender" in which the history of the city Omashu is explained?
What university did Berlinda Tolbert major in theater at?
What day, month, and year was the first Sazae-san strip run by the Asahi Shimbun published?
What date, as in day, month, and year, did Season 1 of Fleabag become available on Blu-ray disc in the UK?
Which contestant from Season 2 of The Bachelor was a paralegal?
Who is the potential suspect in the Ice Truck Killer case after the incident at the ice rink?
What year did NBC acquire the broadcast rights to The Wizard of Oz from CBS?
What song is playing at the beginning of "Full Leather Jacket" of The Sopranos?
What was Conrad Schintz's dog's full name on Dimension 20's Mentopolis?
In which city did the main characters of "The Parkers" live?
As a teen, what job sparked Shonda Rhimes' interest in hospital environments?
How many years did Burt work in the Optics and Design department in the show "Severance"?
What are the twins' names from "The Cosby Show"?
Other than being a choreographer for the TV series In Living Color, what other job did Rosie Perez do on the show?
What type of work did the character Sabrina Costelana Newman's father from "The Young and the Restless" series do?
Which character did Van Dyke Parks play in "Twin Peaks"?
Who played the role of Mrs. Janice Veazey, Dr. Hodges' secretary, in Young Sheldon?
In Season 2 of the TV show "Physical," who wrote Episode 6, "Don't You Have Enough"?
In which episode from Season 4 of Regular Show do Mordecai and Rigby have mullets again?
In which year did Dolores Fonzi star in and produce the miniseries Soy tu fan?
In Season 7 of RPDR, what song did Katya lip sync to on the episode she was eliminated?
What character did Chip Fields play in "J.J.'s New Career, Part 2" on Good Times?
What was Janice Burgess hired as when she worked at Nick Jr.?
What two people did Jinkx Monsoon portray in RPDR All-Stars Season 7 Snatch Game?
Which character narrated the last episode of the "One Life to Live" series that aired on January 13, 2012?
What was the song for the lip sync in Episode 5, Season 1 of RPDR?
What month and year did Jim and Tammy Bakker start an East Coast version of Praise the Lord under TBN's umbrella?
In Season 3 of the American version of "The Circle," in which episode did Vince enter the game?
On what date, month, and year was the Public Order Ordinance commenced in Hong Kong?
In which year was Prof. H. U. Hamidi appointed as Vice Chancellor of the University of Kashmir?
Which politician was described in the media as the city's "tiny, perfect mayor"?
On what date, month, and year was the Indian politician T. M. Selvaganapathy acquitted by the High Court in connection to the Pleasant Stay hotel case?
On what day, month, and year did the 1st ASEM Ministerial Conference on Energy Security begin?
In what year did Timothy “Tim” Griffin obtain a political appointment as a Special Assistant to the Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division?
In what year was Elliott Fitch Shepard nominated for United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York by President Rutherford B. Hayes?
What year was Willer Bordon elected to the Italian Parliament?
On what day, month, and year did Chief Gani Fawehinmi win the ‘Bruno Kreisky’ award from the Government of Austria?
Who did Buzz Thomas defeat in the 2002 election for the Michigan State Senate - 4th District?
What day, month, and year was the New Zealand Prime Minister Christopher Luxon born?
Who appointed the Chief Justice of India, Mirza Hameedullah Beg, in 1977?
In which year, month, and day was the Colombian politician Maria Fernanda Cabal born?
Who was the 2nd chairman of the Senate of Pakistan?
On what day, month, and year was Kommunistisk Forbund founded?
What are the names of the daughters of Mehbooba Mufti Sayed?
From which university did Sergio Fajardo Valderrama receive his M.Sc. in Mathematics?
What is the surname of the judge who led the Election Tribunal that nullified Chris Ngige's 2003 Anambra governorship victory in August 2006?
On what day, month, and year was Rosa Bloch-Bollag, a Swiss politician and activist, born?
Who was the wife of the 14th Chief Justice of India, A. N. Ray?
Who did Governor W. Kerr Scott appoint to fill Joseph Melville Broughton Jr.'s vacant office after his death?
Give the full name of the grandfather of Nasir Aslam Wani, an Indian politician from Jammu and Kashmir.
What is the section title for 7 U.S. Code 136m in the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act?
On which day, month, and year did the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways (MoRTH), Government of India, promulgate the Green Highways (Plantations, Transplantations, Beautification and Maintenance) Policy – 2015?
Who was Japan's Prime Minister after Ichirō Hatoyama left office on December 23, 1956?
In what month and year did Spencer Perceval leave office as the Attorney General for England and Wales?
In 2017, what case was Natasha Merle involved in, where she was a member of the petitioner team?
On what date, month, and year did the Indian politician and former Member of Parliament Surajbhan Singh murder Rami Singh, a resident of Mathurpur Village?
What was the date, month, and year when the German Defence Minister Peter Struck announced further major changes to the German armed forces? A major part of this announcement was the plan to cut the German fighter fleet from 426 in early 2004 to 265 by 2015.
How much money in US dollars did Howard Schultz donate to Barack Obama's campaign on October 24, 2008?
