Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'That is the kind of America in which I believe.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I hope you can see, my friends, from this essential recital of what your Government is doing that there is'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Well a glance at next season's proposed programming can give us little heart.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'It is possible that when the banks resume a very few people who have not recovered from their fear may'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'We come to Berlin, we American Presidents, because it's our duty to speak in this place of freedom.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'And through all this welter of change and development, your mission remains fixed, determined, inviolable: it is to win our'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'He did not deceive himself with outward forms.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'But it is our fervent hope that North Vietnam, after years of fighting that has left the issue unresolved, will'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'For side by side with Bowie and Crockett died Fuentes, and McCafferty, and Bailey, and Badillo, and Carey -- but'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Let civilian voices argue the merits or demerits of our processes of government; whether our strength is being sapped by'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'But as to whether or not the networks have abused the power they enjoy, let us call as our first'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'And I urge you to respect the intelligent and farsighted leadership of Governor LeRoy Collins, and to make this meeting'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I think we're for aiding our allies by sharing of our material blessings with those nations which share in our'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'They've called it "insurance" to us in a hundred million pieces of literature.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'It [is] not ideal, but it [is] infinitely better than the situation in television.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'But great as our tax burden is, it has not kept pace with public spending.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Monday night, a week ago, President Nixon delivered the most important address of his Administration, one of the most important'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'But I think we're against forcing all citizens, regardless of need, into a compulsory government program, especially when we have'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'In our society, women have lived, and have been despised for living, the whole side of life that includes and'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The government promises 127.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: '!'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'If you want to stay on as trustees, you must deliver a decent return to the public -- not only'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'But through it all, the alliance held firm.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'And in cooperation with many of our allies, the United States is pursuing the Strategic Defense Initiative -- research to'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'And let us renew our faith and our hope.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'And I'm very proud of the very able work done by Secretary Fowler and Chairman Martin of the Federal Reserve'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Martin Luther King dedicated his life to love and to justice between fellow human beings.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Over time, a wider framework of peace and security in Southeast Asia may become possible.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'She's eligible for 330 dollars a month in the Aid to Dependent Children Program.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'In a word, I would submit that what keeps you in Berlin -- is "love."'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'What the Commission asks of you is to make a conscientious, good-faith effort to serve the public interest.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The success of our whole national program depends, of course, on the cooperation of the public -- on its intelligent'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'At the same time, there's been an increase in the Department of Agriculture employees.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'If parents, teachers, and ministers conducted their responsibilities by following the ratings, children would have a steady diet of ice'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'There are multiplied thousands of others who, like myself, have come to realize that before we may truly enjoy the'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'But if peace does not come now through negotiations, it will come when Hanoi understands that our common resolve is'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'International television will be with us soon.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Alexander Hamilton said, "A nation which can prefer disgrace to danger is prepared for a master, and deserves one."'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'As we view the years that have passed this has always been true and it becomes increasingly imperative that the'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I do not accept the idea that the present over-all programming is aimed accurately at the public taste.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Freedom and the dignity of the individual have been more available and assured here than in any other place on'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Television is filled with creative, imaginative people.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Your Honor, I have stated in this court that I am opposed to the social system in which we live;'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I believe, Your Honor, in common with all Socialists, that this nation ought to own and control its own industries.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'As for the peace that we would preserve, I wonder who among us would like to approach the wife or'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I have lived daily and nightly with the cost of this war.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I am in Washington to help broadcasting, not to harm it; to strengthen it, not weaken it; to reward it,'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The workers of the nation were tired of waiting for corporate industry to right their economic wrongs, to alleviate their'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'It is interesting, now, to read his speeches.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'During this period of expansion, there was equal opportunity for all and the business of government was not to interfere'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: '...But a much better job can be done, and should be done.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Hundreds of strikers were arrested, jailed, treated with brutality while incarcerated and harassed by succeeding litigation.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'You and I are told increasingly we have to choose between a left or right.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'It is with this and much more in mind that I come before you today.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'We want you to do this; we want you to editorialize, take positions.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Sometimes, the grievances of people are more -- extend more -- to more than just the law, extend to a'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'And he walked away from his Party, and he never returned til the day he died -- because to this'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'So manifest were the advantages of the machine age, however, that the United States fearlessly, cheerfully, and, I think, rightly,'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'For while it has been American doctrine that the government must not go into business in competition with private enterprises,'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'It is time to check and reverse the growth of government which shows signs of having grown beyond the consent'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'To that world assembly of sovereign states, the United Nations, our last best hope in an age where the instruments'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'A mere builder of more industrial plants, a creator of more railroad systems, and organizer of more corporations, is as'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'To those people in the huts and villages of half the globe struggling to break the bonds of mass misery,'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'It won’t sound right.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Intellectual tradition is male.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'These projected increases in expenditures for our national security will bring into sharper focus the nation's need for immediate action,'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'In the past eight months, prices and interest rates have risen because of our inaction.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'If I can catch any man with a hyphen in this great contest I will know that I have got'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The President tells us he's now going to start building public housing units in the thousands, where heretofore we've only'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'And the networks have shown themselves willing to give him all the air time he desires.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Its people maintain their firm determination to be free of domination by the North.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Green fields and dense forests are disappearing.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Now what about adult programming and ratings?'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Gresham's Law seems to be operating in the network news.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I have been in ballparks for seventeen years and have never received anything but kindness and encouragement from you fans.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'There is no better way to establish hope for the future than to enlighten young minds, and we would be'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'He has told them that we're retreating under the pressure of the Cold War, and someday when the time comes'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'As you know, this is my first public address since I took over my new job.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'This law also gave authority to develop a program of rehabilitation of our banking facilities.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'In the last three years we've spent 43 dollars in the feed grain program for every dollar bushel of corn'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'But we're a bunch of raw materials that don't mean to be -- have any process upon us.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'It will be the task of your generation to make the American city a place where future generations will come,'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'We deal now not with things of this world alone, but with the illimitable distances and as yet unfathomed mysteries'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'These two requirements must be satisfied, in the main, by the individuals who claim and hold control of the great'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'We think that peace can be based on the Geneva Accords of 1954, under political conditions that permit the South'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'For in your time we have the opportunity to move not only toward the rich society and the powerful society,'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Should Christ have refused the cross?'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'So, I would ask all Americans, whatever their personal interests or concern, to guard against divisiveness and all of its'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'So they're going to solve all the problems of human misery through government and government planning.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The happiest of economic conditions made that day long and splendid.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I do not speak for my church on public matters; and the church does not speak for me.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Progress may be slow -- measured in inches and feet, not miles -- but we will progress.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'It was one of your finest hours.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Ordinary problems affecting wages, hours, and working conditions, in most instances, will quickly respond to negotiation in the council room.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'They add up to only a tiny fraction of the price that has been paid for our freedom.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Not too long ago, two friends of mine were talking to a Cuban refugee, a businessman who had escaped from'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'But the treaty is so much more than that.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'As with other American institutions, perhaps it is time that the networks were made more responsive to the views of'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'By “personal competency” he meant the right of free thinking, freedom of forming and expressing opinions, and freedom of personal'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'In order that these forces may reach maximum combat effectiveness, the Joint Chiefs of Staff have recommended to me that'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: '"5 Advocates for the networks have claimed a First Amendment right to the same unlimited freedoms held by the great'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I do not consider these other quotations binding upon my public acts.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'front the hosts of labor were advancing and intelligent and permanent progress was being made.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'This selection is made from the 90 to 180 minutes that may be available.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'fear the increased influence of labor in our democracy?'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Now how will these principles be applied?'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'We know that none of these conclusions is true.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'In retrospect we can now see that the turn of the tide came with the turn of the century.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'No human being could fail to be deeply moved by such a tribute as this [Thayer Award].'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'David Brinkley states, "objectivity is impossible" to normal human behavior.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Together, let us maintain and develop the ties between the Federal Republic and the Western sectors of Berlin, which is'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'In these four decades, as I have said, you Berliners have built a great city.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Some 200,000 workers are organized into 507 chartered local unions not yet attached to a national industrial union.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'This is the first time in our history that this ceremony has been held, as you’ve been told, on this'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The chief pleasure of my trip has been that it has nothing to do with my personal fortunes, that it'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Every one of them will contain the Covenant of the League of Nations, because you cannot work any of them'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Those who would trade our freedom for the soup kitchen of the welfare state have told us they have a'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The man of ruthless force had his place in developing a pioneer country, just as he did in fixing the'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'No tin-hat brigade of goose-stepping vigilantes or bibble-babbling mob of blackguarding and corporation paid scoundrels will prevent the onward march'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The networks made hunger and black lung disease national issues overnight.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'For those of you who are black and are tempted to fill with -- be filled with hatred and mistrust'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I have come today from the turmoil of your capital to the tranquility of your campus to speak about the'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'But, if we map the course of these roads, we find that there are only two general directions.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'In this present crisis, government is not the solution to our problem; government is the problem.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'This is an interesting idea -- but then arises the questions "Who is to decide?"'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I want a Chief Executive whose public acts are responsible to all and obligated to none, who can attend any'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'But this attack emanated from the privileged sanctuary of a network studio and therefore had the apparent dignity of an'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'And 20 years after, on the other side of the globe, again the filth of murky foxholes, the stench of'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'So in the next 40 years we must re-build the entire urban United States.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'His name and fame are the birthright of every American citizen.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Another voice says, "The profit motive has become outmoded.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'One thousand thirty-one local lodges in 700 communities have been organized.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'In this connection let me call attention to the propaganda which some of our industrialists are carrying on among the'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'It invests your money in many different forms of credit -- in bonds, in commercial paper, in mortgages and in'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Standing before the Brandenburg Gate, every man is a German separated from his fellow men.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'By voluntary action by the broadcasters themselves?'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The world is very different now.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'But beyond that, "the full power of centralized government" -- this was the very thing the Founding Fathers sought to'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'One thing is unmistakably clear, however.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I would draw the parallel one step farther.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'It was the middle of the 19th century that a new force was released and a new dream created.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'And you and I both know -- You and I both know that the rating services themselves would agree.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Political and economic cooperation between nations has grown rapidly.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The American Revolution was a turning point in it.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'That will be followed on Tuesday by the resumption of all other functions by banks already found to be sound'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Armies on both sides will take new casualties.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'He stated his belief that the Vietcong or North Vietnamese did not really want a military takeover of South Vietnam.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Every day in those weeks before Christmas, all day long, he'd load up the plane, fly it to Arizona, fly'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'So let us begin anew -- remembering on both sides that civility is not a sign of weakness, and sincerity'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Your dreams, your hopes, your goals are going to be the dreams, the hopes, and the goals of this Administration,'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Until an aroused public opinion demands that employers accept that rule, labor has no recourse but to surrender its rights'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I see them dwarfed and diseased and their little lives broken and blasted because in this high noon of Christian'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'If there is not a nation-wide educational television system in this country, it will not be the fault of the'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The Communists were unable to maintain control of any of the more than 30 cities that they attacked.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'For I join you, as I join your fellow countrymen in the West, in this firm, this unalterable belief: Es'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Before you can cultivate a garden, you must know something about gardening.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Trace the family histories; find out the conditions under which they were conceived and born, before you attempt to persuade'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'They require us to create new concepts of cooperation, a creative federalism, between the National Capital and the leaders of'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Human society must protect its children -- yes, but prenatal care is most essential!'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Our Democratic opponents seem unwilling to debate these issues.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'But because I am a Catholic, and no Catholic has ever been elected President, the real issues in this campaign'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Duty, Honor, Country.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Either or both of these may revolutionize television.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'However, the then distant roar of European cannon, growing ever louder, forced him to abandon the study of this issue.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Strong arguments can be made for that view.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'To achieve this, the Government of South Vietnam started the drafting of 19-year-olds on March 1st.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'We hear much from Moscow about a new policy of reform and openness.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'From one end of the world to the other he has drained deep the chalice of courage.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'We live together in perilous, uncertain times; we face together staggering problems; and we must not waste much time now'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Not one foot of territory is demanded by submission to their authority is demanded by them.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I do not promise you that every bank will be reopened or that individual losses will not be suffered, but'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'When we point the one immediate practical way toward order and beauty in society, the only way to lay the'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'All this will not be finished in the first one hundred days.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Those who recall the fumbling and groping that followed President Johnson's dramatic disclosure of his intention not to seek another'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'We applaud this evidence of determination on the part of South Vietnam.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The new law allows the twelve Federal Reserve Banks to issue additional currency on good assets and thus the banks'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I want the people who own the air and the homes that television enters to tell you and the FCC'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'You have to answer questions.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Yesterday was one of the great days of my life.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I want to tell you what has been done in the last few days, and why it was done, and'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'He took 50 percent of the profits before taxes and set up a retirement program, a pension plan for all'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'My concern with the rating services is not with their accuracy.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'For years, representatives of our Governments and others have traveled the world seeking to find a basis for peace talks.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'This was impossible; Theodore Roosevelt, abandoning the idea of “trust busting,“ was forced to work out a difference between “good”'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'This I believe very deeply.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Trainload after trainload -- many unwelcome, unwanted, unprepared for, unknown, without baggage, without passports, most of them without pedigrees.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I believe that stations taking network service should also be required to report the extent of the local clearance of'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'But I have an uncomfortable feeling that this prosperity isn't something on which we can base our hopes for the'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The unfeeling statistics of the past three decades show that the independent business man is running a losing race.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'They are, in short, “We the People.” This breed called Americans.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'And with such a nation our country -- and the world -- will be far more secure than it is'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'We are not able to invite the immigration from Europe to share our endless plenty.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Each year more than 100,000 high school graduates, with proved ability, do not enter college because they cannot afford it.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I want to speak not of politics but of government.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Finally, my fellow Americans, let me say this: Of those to whom much is given, much is asked.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'He may by sloth or crime decline to exercise that right; but it may not be denied him.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Unhappily, I possess neither that eloquence of diction, that poetry of imagination, nor that brilliance of metaphor to tell you'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'It means exploring new techniques of teaching, to find new ways to stimulate the love of learning and the capacity'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'For while this year it may be a Catholic against whom the finger of suspicion is pointed, in other years'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'It may also come as a surprise to some of you, but I want you to know that you have'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'And tonight I call upon the United Kingdom and I call upon the Soviet Union -- as co-chairmen of the'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'You will find you’re weak where you thought yourself strong.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'These proliferating bureaus with their thousands of regulations have cost us many of our constitutional safeguards.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Adenauer, Erhard, Reuter, and other leaders understood the practical importance of liberty -- that just as truth can flourish only'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Now do a little arithmetic, and you'll find that if we divided the 45 billion dollars up equally among those'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Mr. President, I want our fellow citizens to know how much you did to carry on this tradition.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'They give you a temper of the will, a quality of the imagination, a vigor of the emotions, a freshness'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Certainly it represents a concentration of -- of power over American public opinion unknown in history.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The soldier, above all other men, is required to practice the greatest act of religious training -- sacrifice.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The more men you get into a great discussion the more you exclude passion.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'A bank that opens on one of the subsequent days is in exactly the same status as the bank that'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'When action is required to preserve our national security, we will act.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden,'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Some of them, in extenuation, plead lack of jurisdiction, but murder as a crime against the moral code can always'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I understand the fear of war and the pain of division that afflict this continent, and I pledge to you'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Speaking precisely 40 years ago this month, he said: "Our policy is directed not against any country or doctrine, but'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Tell your sponsors to be less concerned with costs per thousand and more concerned with understanding per millions.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Like everybody, I wear more than one hat.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I invite each of you to sit down in front of your television set when your station goes on the'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'This is the youth feature.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'If we want to live as women, some separatism is forced upon us: Mills College is a wise embodiment of'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'I intend to press this to a speedy conclusion with useful results.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The reason for this was that on the spur of the moment it was, of course, impossible to sell perfectly'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'And as we renew ourselves here in our own land, we will be seen as having greater strength throughout the'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Another network showed virtually the same scene of violence from three separate angles without making clear it was the same'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'We may have a half dozen networks instead of three.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'But he made the following statement (I quote): "I would ask all those who are not definitely committed to the'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'It is a place where men are more concerned with the quality of their goals than the quantity of their'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Now the Soviets may have had other plans.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'In the industrialized nations, a technological revolution is taking place, a revolution marked by rapid, dramatic advances in computers and'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The area in which we are stopping our attacks includes almost 90 percent of North Vietnam's population, and most of'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Very sad.'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'It should be making ready for the kind of leadership that newspapers and magazines assumed years ago, to make our'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'Television and all who participate in it are jointly accountable to the American public for respect for the special needs'
Please write a speech inspired by the sentence: 'The purpose of my remarks tonight is to focus your attention on this little group of men who not only'