Name a US State. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a National Park of the United States. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a constellation recognized by the International Astronomical Union. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a state in Mexico. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a province in China. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a Japanese prefecture. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a National Park of Canada. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a member state of the European Union. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Africa. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Asia. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country where French is an official language. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that borders the Mediterranean Sea. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in the North America or Central America and the Caribbean. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is located in the Central European Time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is also an island. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Schengen Area. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element with an atomic number between 1 and 50. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element that is classified as a transition metal. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element that is part of period 7. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a sport in Summer Olympic Games. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a US President. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a play written or co-written by Shakespeare. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a team in the National Football League (NFL). Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a team in the Major League Baseball (MLB). Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a team in the National Hockey League (NHL). Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a member state of NATO. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a feature film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a city that has hosted the Winter Olympics. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a city that has hosted the Summer Olympics. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a capital city in Europe. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a breed of cat recognized by the Cat Fanciers' Association. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name one of the signatories of the U.S. Declaration of Independence. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a amendment to the United States Constitution. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a geologic epoch. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a bird order. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a letter of the Greek alphabet. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a card in the Major Arcana in a Tarot deck. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
