Name a country that has a unitary state as its basic form of government. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a theoretical physicist who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics and is a male member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that has a basic form of government as a parliamentary republic. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a theoretical physicist who has been awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics and is male. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Alliance of Small Island States. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a country whose official language is French. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is located in the Central European Time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Treaty on Open Skies. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Organization of American States. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the United Nations and uses the Schuko electrical plug type. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Movement Coordination Centre Europe. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country located in Europe that is a member of the Schengen Area. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a theoretical physicist who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics, been nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physics, and is a member of the National Academy of Sciences. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of NATO. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the International Energy Agency. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is part of the European Economic Area. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the United Nations and is located in the Central European Time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is located in the UTC+03:00 time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of NATO. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the Treaty on Open Skies. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the International Hydrographic Organization. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country located on the continent of North America. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a European country that is a member of the Movement Coordination Centre Europe. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the ASEAN Regional Forum. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a National Park in the United States that is a member of the Man and the Biosphere Programme. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the European Union. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that uses the Euro and is a member of the World Trade Organization. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country whose official language is Arabic. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country located in Europe that uses the Euro as its currency. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country on the European Continent that uses the Euro currency and is a member of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the United Nations and is located in the UTC+01:00 time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please provide a country in Europe that uses the Euro currency and Europlug electrical plug type. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that uses the Euro as its currency. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that uses the Euro currency and is a member of Interpol. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that uses the Euro and is a member of the Council of Europe. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country located in Europe that is a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a chemical element that is a subclass of a nonmetal. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that uses the Euro currency and is a member of the Universal Postal Union. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a theoretical physicist who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics and speaks English. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country located in Europe which uses the Euro currency and is a member of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that shares a border with the European Union and is located in the UTC+02:00 time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of AFRISTAT. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that uses the Euro currency and is a member of Eurocontrol. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics who is a member of the Lincean Academy. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a theoretical physicist who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics and is a male member of the National Academy of Sciences. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics who is a member of the Academia Europaea. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a recipient of the Nobel Prize in Physics who is a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a type of musical instrument that is considered a subclass of transposing instruments. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a nuclear physicist who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is located in the UTC+02:00 time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that shares a border with the European Union and is located in the UTC+01:00 time zone. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a theoretical physicist who has received the Nobel Prize in Physics and is a member of the Royal Society. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that is a member of the Visa Waiver Program. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country in Europe that is a member of the United Nations and shares a border with the European Union. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Please name a chemical element that is part of Period 6. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
Name a country that shares a border with the European Union. Only provide the answer without explanation or punctuation.
